this is what I'm doing I'm making a beat
bracelet to go inside what was
originally going to be a hollow form it
is an antique plastic bracelet that I
just kept working until it was about a
complete you I stopped when it was four
millimeters wide now if if you want to
use an antique lastic bracelet you can
put just about any size bead on it if
you do one of these then your bead is
actually going to have to fit so it'll
drop down inside these the way to do
this is to take a piece of memory wire
and just drop it down inside your piece
and cut it 13 mil longer than you need
and the reason the reason you're cutting
it longer is that when you put the beats
on it it'll actually space it up 13 mm
when you have your linked you can just
use your sight cutters and then you're
ready to assemble so when you take it
out it'll look like this take your flat
round pliers and you're going to bend
the tightest loop possible right on the
very end
decide what pattern you want I'm just
doing a 1 2 3 2 1 pattern
separated by a silver bead and I'm using
turquoise haishi which is a basically a
barrel shape you can use anything so
that's the beginning of my pattern do
the whole thing and then check it for
length when you get all your beads on
it's going to be difficult if you have
this the right length so what you're
going to do is very carefully grab this
with your flat round pliers to hold it
and then Bend a tight loop in the end
now once you grab it hold it tight
because if you drop it the whole bloody
thing will unravel so now you need to
bend your nice tight little loop in the
end and you're finished now you could
wear this as a bracelet on its own but
happily this will just snap around your
bangle
and it'll snap down inside and when it
when it goes in you'll find that the
ends touch so there it is and if you
want to wear that as a separate bracelet
you can just take it out just stick a
toothpick in and lick the end out there
you are one with one without beads and
like I said earlier you could when you
have one of these that's larger you can
use larger beads but I would still use
the memory wire because it's easier it's
easier than doing the expandable type